Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Ch… 
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are… 
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp; a twelve year pathway to c… 
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and fir… 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, a… 
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we… 
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018 
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdo… 
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well rec… 
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 
Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our… 
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many grea… 
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 
Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal… 
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship a… 
Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now… 
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local… 
Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School… 
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything lik… 
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is… 
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House,… 
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but ever… 
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Pag… 
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...… 
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, De… 
End the Democrats Obstruction! 
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
