RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump proclaims today as #WorldAIDSDay: 
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getti… 
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that… 
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and bei… 
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift… 
Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak ab… 
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!
#DOW24K #MAGA 
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United St… 
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Electi… 
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to be… 
The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some cred… 
The Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to… 
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
“Had the information (Crooked Hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security...."… 
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democ… 
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding… 
.@Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within th… 
Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY.

But… 
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNIT… 
This week, the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone o… 
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.… 
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.

Stock… 
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major san… 
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Gri… 
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top… 
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! 
