Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National… 
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA🇺🇸 
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate… 
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last… 
America's hearts &amp; prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico &amp; the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will g… 
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA🇺🇸
RT @ricardorossello: Briefed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response &amp; commitment to o…
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today!… 
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete… 
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
Texas &amp; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp; massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.
#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
RT @jayMAGA45: NFLplayer PatTillman joined U.S. Army in 2002. He was killed in action 2004. He fought 4our country/freedom. #StandForOurAnt…
#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
