Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Chri… 
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support f… 
“President Trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny… 
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST &amp; CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock. Subjects will… 
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.” Will someone fro… 
...peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Isra… 
It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. A… 
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and… 
We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous prog… 
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics.  DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard agai… 
....impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources,” and treat t… 
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Tim… 
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there wer… 
Sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing… 
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the… 
Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put… 
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that Presiden… 
Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iran… 
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they… 
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, a… 
Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basi… 
What a year it’s been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! 
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We… 
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the… 
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have… 
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squa… 
“Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books” 
