....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he...
....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
..."collusion," which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's...
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal &amp; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrific… 
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...
After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating!… 
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
“WHAT HAPPENED”

“How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia”
➡️
#JFKFiles 
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!
#FlashbackFriday 
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....
🎥
.@FoxNews Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP” 
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through lea… 
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you @FLGovScott. 
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
