It wasn’t the White House, it wasn’t the State Department, it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground… 
Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their d… 
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at t… 
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National An… 
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long an… 
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those re… 
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horr… 
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have… 
Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposel… 
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAn… 
RT @greta: Thank you @realDonaldTrump - this is important to so many of us 
RT @piersmorgan: BOOM! Thank you, Mr President. Trophy-hunting is repellent. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the… 
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Wil… 
Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse!… 
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the… 
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 &amp; 6 while she sleeps? .....
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling o… 
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Ass… 
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!
....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
