When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, n… 
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve… 
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
“Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War” 
➡️
On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GRE… 
On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!
#USMC242… 
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to… 
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial co… 
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendsh… 
In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater co… 
Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing o… 
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the G… 
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a hi… 
I don’t blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on tr… 
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United St… 
President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸… 
Congratulations to all of the ”DEPLORABLES” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral Co… 
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautif… 
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestima… 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in B… 
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again! 
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no lon… 
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreem… 
The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions… 
Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷
#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia 
➡️
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House… 
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China whe… 
