RT @EricTrump: We should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price  — Their bravery and sacrifice allows us t…
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! 
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our c… 
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandat… 
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report… 
RT @shawgerald4: @realDonaldTrump Thank you President TRUMP!! 
.@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was u… 
Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama a… 
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished b… 
Wow, “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,” according to @FoxNews.
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary… 
RT @EricTrump: #JournalismIsDead  
Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks:… 
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of… 
95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much… 
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record), Regulation Cutting, Jud… 
“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of T… 
At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan… 
So true! 
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big comp… 
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… 
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts.… 
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake… 
The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bo… 
