More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1… 
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”
Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs… 
Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp; JOBS ACT! 
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s v… 
“45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” @foxandfriends
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discre… 
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the… 
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and… 
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announc… 
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. T… 
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend a… 
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievem… 
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems… 
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has… 
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) al… 
.@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to k… 
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA🇺🇸 
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
RT @Scavino45: “Utilities cutting rates, cite benefits of Trump tax reform” 
Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they… 
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform.… 
It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the “Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act,” which redesigna… 
On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United… 
We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and… 
In every decision we make, we are honoring America’s PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs,… 
We have been working every day to DELIVER for America’s Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US.… 
Can’t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @FarmBureau Federation’s Annua… 
