RT @RepKristiNoem: A lot of tough decisions got us to this point, but we’re closer than we’ve been in 30+ years to a fairer tax code that k…
RT @SpeakerRyan: For individuals and families, the final Tax Cuts &amp; Jobs Act:
✔lowers individual taxes
✔nearly doubles the standard deducti…
RT @PressSec: .@POTUS historic tax cuts + doubling of the child tax credit will do infinitely more to empower working moms than liberals' p…
DOW, S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA 
Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility… 
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.

Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and t… 
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS! 
It was my honor. THANK YOU! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump is the Paycheck President. Learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket &amp; how to contact…
“Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey” 
In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pag… 
When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, &amp; prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, &amp; no go… 
Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-grow… 
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your vo… 
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase… 
Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue storie… 
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will n… 
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a… 
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of thos… 
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low… 
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immi… 
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “b… 
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any co… 
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also,… 
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media.… 
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very… 
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing!… 
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in… 
