Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: "Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…
RT @jessebwatters: Thanks for watching!! 
Congratulations John! 
RT @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the bigotry &amp; violence in Ch…
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio 
@foxandfriends According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.
RT @JackPosobiec: Meanwhile: 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend, 9 deaths. No national media outrage. Why is that? 
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
RT @foxandfriends: Sec. Mattis: If North Korea fires missile at US, it's 'game on' 
RT @FiIibuster: @realDonaldTrump We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first. Thank you, President Tru…
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
RT @axios: The DOJ is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in Charlottesville 
RT @FoxNews: .@AlanDersh: Trump Has 'More Credibility' Than Obama With North Korea 
RT @DailyCaller: Guam Governor To Trump: I’ve Never Felt Safer Than ‘With You At The Helm’ 
