RT @WhiteHouse: "Dr. King's dream is our dream. It is the American Dream. It's the promise stitched into the fabric of our Nation, etched i…
...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, A… 
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about… 
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the p… 
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 work… 
I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people… 
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately neede… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They prom…
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Kor… 
RT @paulsperry_: 
RT @paulsperry_: Fusion GPS, firm behind disputed Russia dossier, retracts its claim of FBI mole in Trump camp

RT @JackPosobiec: Dick Durbin called Trump racist for wanting to end chain migration. 

Here's a video of Dick Durbin calling for an end to…
RT @LouDobbs: The stock market has gained an incredible 7.8 Trillion dollars in market value since @POTUS was elected! Looks like 4% econom…
So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They p… 
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time… 
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA,… 
Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage… 
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Nev… 
Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fa… 
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough wa… 
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The… 
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our c… 
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen… 
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the… 
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousa… 
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization… 
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysl… 
