RT @Team_Trump45: @realDonaldTrump  
RT @Team_Trump45: @realDonaldTrump  
RT @glamourizes: @realDonaldTrump Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great. He's the only person who can! H…
RT @Team_Trump45: @realDonaldTrump  
RT @dmartosko: This is the #NYTimes. Can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them? 
Thank you! 
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America P… 
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont:… 
Our hearts &amp; prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... 
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.
Proclamation:… 
Frank “FX” Giaccio-
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp; myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning!… 
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp; nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp; use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
FLORIDA-
Just like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RES… 
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!

Emergency Information 
1-800-342-3557

...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country &amp; its people.
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp; its people...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
