Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations!
.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty aren… 
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousan… 
Have a great game today, @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching. 

We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an ent… 
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp;… 
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS.… 
CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a… 
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian… 
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Libera… 
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and rea… 
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION… 
This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight,… 
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA 
On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA 
“The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, th… 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be drop… 
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin… 
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so s… 
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! 
Tonight, @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse – and wish the… 
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle… 
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack o… 
Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse, in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.… 
Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and foug… 
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
RT @ChuckGrassley: Jerusalem Embassy Act of ‘95 (Senate vote 93-5 &amp; I voted for it) states embassy should be in Jerusalem by 5/31/99. For 1…
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing t… 
