WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!
#TaxCutsandJobsAct 
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the p… 
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their… 
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (O… 
Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great Hous… 
A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirm… 
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope… 
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebr… 
With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to… 
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Thank you Maria B! 
So true Ivanka! 
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will… 
When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On Novem… 
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more t… 
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State.… 
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of… 
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructur… 
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie… 
More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans, who neve… 
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the… 
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the b… 
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wag… 
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just… 
Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you! 
