My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with "fire &amp; fury" in a warning to the rogue nation ht…
RT @foxandfriends: France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured


RT @foxandfriends: Trump vows U.S. 'power' will meet North Korean threat 
RT @foxandfriends: Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents 
RT @foxandfriends: U.S. Air Force jets take off from Guam for training, ensuring they can 'fight tonight' 
RT @TheFive: "Media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report."-@jessebwatters #thefive
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
RT @FoxNews: Jobs added during @POTUS' time in office. 
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp; decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
RT @foxandfriends: OPIOID CRISIS: Worse than we thought, with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported 
RT @foxandfriends: Anthem announces it will withdraw from ObamaCare Exchange in Nevada 
RT @foxandfriends: U.S. spy satellites detect North Korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat 
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp; WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
