African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a… 
...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the… 
“His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over… 
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock… 
The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt &amp; biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the lo… 
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. W… 
I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I h… 
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subject… 
....to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and… 
....Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart.… 
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public,… 
Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points (… 
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! An… 
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used… 
Good idea Rand! 
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart!
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton a… 
Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5… 
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in… 
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spo… 
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL,… 
Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel! 
With all of the failed “experts” weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on… 
As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do..… 
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They… 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. D… 
“Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trump’s tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by han… 
