"Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." @FoxNews
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day” Read more: 
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, &amp; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our na… 
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.  No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp; vote R!
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
Just out, but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market" Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC &amp; CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
“Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign” 
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
People get what is going on! 
RT @IamVicky4Trump: TUNE IN: Maria Bartiromo Has an Exclusive Interview With President Trump 
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
