Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police o… 
Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FAN… 
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently… 
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negativ… 
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system:… 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the @WestervillePD. 
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in… 
....agencies, not just the FBI &amp; DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the… 
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier… 
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are ol… 
According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brough… 
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and mor… 
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyo… 
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order… 
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them e… 
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did no… 
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the l… 
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TR… 
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and po… 
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secret… 
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean peopl… 
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that y… 
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, th… 
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with @NASA’s c… 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan! 
Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat… 
