Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscope

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the… 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @Scavino45: Time lapse video of the border wall prototypes, when they were being built in San Diego. Next phase underway: testing and ev…
Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: 
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.

It was my honor to… 
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to… 
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on… 
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama.… 
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Bria… 
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputatio… 
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe.… 
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! 
RT @paulsperry_: Wray needs to clean house. Now we know the politicization even worse than McCabe's ties to McAuliffe/Clinton. It also infe…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: top FBI investigator for Mueller--PETER STRZOK--busted sending political text messages bashing Trump &amp; praising…
RT @GovChristie: .@POTUS has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other President. 
RT @PressSec: The Trump effect: “The U.S. economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade” -WSJ

I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the… 
Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Croo… 
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI h… 
Great job First Lady Melania! 
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history... 
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It… 
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for f… 
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to… 
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:

“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corpor… 
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not le… 
