I wonder what other perspectives on life for people in the 20-25 region exist. How do you know if you're making a huge mistake?
What a tremor. Is like the tectonic plates dem did a fling dem shoulder a way.
Starting to realize that these people just love playing dumb to avoid doing work eno
Hate how quickly the rational part of my brain takes over. Can't even enjoy the likkle anger for long smh
Just worried about all the wrong things smh. I could meet them at their level &amp; work with them to bring out their strengths.
Worst ducking thing ever. Neva see a set a yute carry feelings suh. Is like they still under the belief that their… https://t.co/egjYKd93KP
Finally got a project that I find super interesting and actually has us doing things we'llc end up doing in the wor… https://t.co/TDr9iksFws
Thinking about using these editing skills I've learnt to possibly make some money. Kinda fraid fi flap but me ago see waah gwaan
House mate left his pot on the stove &amp; gone Jah knows where. Now bere maggots in his pot 😠😠
But a weh di bumboklawt dis fadda
Need to make a video with the stretch of road in front sovereign. I finally have the skills &amp; resources to bring these crazy ideas to life.
Fell asleep on a bus and everything looked strange after waking. As if I was seeing more details &amp; noticing things I hadn't before.
What age do you view yourself as in your mind?
Living a life with rules for everything &amp; no regard for consequences OR a life where the ends justify the means?
60 mins to render 41 secs 😂😂 damn
Why would after effects choose this exact moment to crash
I'm already the way I am, trying to be different just makes things feel awkward.
It feels so comfortable to be down &amp; blue all the time. Trying to see experiences from a diff perspective is tiring.
If you and cheese nuh gree doh consume cheese patty then actual slices of cheese in the same day.
@discordapp hey peeps thanks for making searching such a hassle free experience!
This place forces you into becoming a certain kind of person
How it affects you after
Can't even begin to imagine how it feels to have someone close to you murdered
What makes it worth it?
Drinking liquor just makes you feel so numb &amp; nice. It makes you feel nothing at all. No anxiety, no worries, nothing.
None of this makes sense any more
Retaliate &amp; you risk death or getting some horrible injury
If anybody can just run up on you like that if they're brave enough, does it make sense to even try.
Semester just started and I'm behind already.
Now it feels as if I'm becoming a cruff cause all I want to to is stay in and take me time waste out the time til i… https://t.co/2vEoUGlRCo
Or just spray some poisonous chemical compound weh ago leech through them skin and kill dem horribly
Can't even talk to family bout it cause them ago just talk bout 'a suh you softy softy'
Not even want to talk to people or be out in open spaces for longer than necessary.
Ever since being held up I've avoided that place like the plague. Not even waan go school and I'm just numb to everything.
Kinda seems like they're in it for the long tail.
Culture II was alright, I think the novelty of the Migos kinda wearing off now.
https://t.co/fJ6nfjdS4K
Get the plane in the air then figure out how to land it after. Every time I was brave enough to try it, amazing things happened.
A nuh macaroni dat! Need to make a video with that in it
Theory of 1st hailings.
Maybe I should trust that you have the capacity to trust in the first place.
How do I create an environment where trust can flourish without attempting to actively try &amp; create trust itself.
Wow.
Maybe that's why I do all the little things to please you. So it'll be easier to trust me. But it probably comes across as manipulative.
Prob that's my of the things. There's no trust. I can't trust you to not use what I say to you against me in some a… https://t.co/XjtC9ijxAx
It makes using whatever knowledge is shared for personal gain extremely distasteful.
I guess if there's no real incentive to face the discomfort then things will always remain the same. Some terminal… https://t.co/cN9GNGeK7k
Being uncomfortable is okay.
Because you're older the easier thing to do is disregard whatever I'm feeling or trying to communicate if gets you… https://t.co/QOIBfSfHcu
It's okay to not have all the answers. It's okay to be awkward. It's okay to not be perfect &amp; shiny all the time. A… https://t.co/zAkYzfaucz
I hate the fear of mistakes that our relationship is wrapped in.
I hate living like that.
You try to make it seem as if it's all in my head when I attempt to talk about it with you. You make it seem as if… https://t.co/1KkKn9g4aJ
I do as you say and not as you do, you feel guilty and start trying to do as you say, you realize it's not fun but… https://t.co/y4gzGrzHe3
How do I subscribe to my own version? Or am I too far gone?
Am I living some one else's version of how life should be without even realizing it?
All the do as I say not as I do people I grew up around and looked up to fucked me up.
Micromanaging every detail, every interaction, every passing thought to fit some ideal. I don't even know where I got that ideal from.
To me it feels as if I have enough to be perfect all the time and even though that's absurd &amp; I know it is. I just… https://t.co/31rTut1SXd
So wrapped up in playing my own mind games that I don't even realize I'm doing it.
I always end up trying to do the things i think my mentors will find personally pleasing. It happens so unconscious… https://t.co/rSQSWcK19x
How does it feel to look up to someone?
Why do I feel so dependent on the assurance of others?
Am I making one of those mistakes that will leave me saying 'if mi did know' decades from now?
Why do I want to connect with others? Is it to just check a box of the things I'm "supposed" to be doing? Do I just… https://t.co/jmb8CJfkcn
Years of living the philosophy that nothing but the best is good enough in isolation has me fucked up.
"It feels as if that's holding me back." &lt;-- that kinda thinking just reinforces the feeling of not being able to c… https://t.co/Bbdmu3gZqd
It feels like I forgot how to connect with people. Building up a wall and blocking everything out was not a good idea.
RT @keyahre23: Women I’m sorry for the shit y’all go through.... it truly does sound terrible 🤦🏽‍♂️ https://t.co/OX5YNdQLRh
RT @YvngBuck33: @keyahre23 Bro gots a dope momma, she out here teaching him before he messes up. Shoot, my mom wouldn’t even bother talking…
In talks about how to develop a Caribbean Silicon Valley. The panelists always speak of the ideals &amp; what we're lac… https://t.co/obMdFqW8j6
@evilful  https://t.co/kf8z1NXRzy
Being vulnerable in a World of Monsters for Dummies.
Big bank take lil bank
Okay I got it got it. 2020 vision but I can't see nobody
If I say I got it then you know I got it
Know some young niggas like to swangg
I got blue &amp; red flags in my gaaang 🔉🔊
Maybe I should just suck it all up because you know best. Or maybe one day I'll get another perspective that will set me free.
I thrive by making mistakes and you shame me for that.
You pick apart my every thoughts &amp; ideas. If it's not in an image you see fit it's not worthy.
You raised me a certain way then shame me for being like that. Almost as if I'm an experiment to see what someone l… https://t.co/BWlZC6Qn4n
Things that come so natural to the average Jamaican feel so foreign to me.
The things you're privy to only after proving you have a certain level of that stuff
Where do you learn these things if you've been kept isolated for a huge portion of your growing years? The things you can't get from books.
Idk if I'm supposed to feel how I feel. I don't even know what I'm feeling.
Are you afraid I will think differently of you if I see what's behind all those layers of unspoken thoughts?
You never let me in. Are you embarrassed?
I barely know you and I've spent my entire life with you. Your whole life is shrouded in mystery and guarded by carefully selected words.
I need to be free from you but I don't know how to want that.
You drown me in the icy waters of abandonment whenever I'm not living up to who you think I can be.
Always playing catch up to some perfect version of me.
What will I regret when I'm 90?
I hate how good it feels. Is this how it's supposed to be?
The anxiety that builds up in my gut when I'm on the verge of failure &amp; at the limits of my knowledge gives me a sort of perverse pleasure
But this sickening desire to immerse myself in complicated looking things. I strive to find problems that i don't u… https://t.co/ZSszXryqkM
More while I just want to live an average life. Just super casual with a balance of work/relationships
But sometimes it's almost as if they had this path planned out for me in their heads. Degree, Masters, Phd. Smh
I hate what I've become. I feel so one dimensional. I mean I can't blame my parents. When you're poor, education is… https://t.co/vCwgzT1vKe
I was good at art. I got no praises. Tracks, no praises. Changing my voice &amp; doing pretty good imitations, no prais… https://t.co/MXWhRjOq6j
Growing up poor my household had an accomplishment based value system. Your entire self worth was the sum of your a… https://t.co/8cOOMMyweA
Shenseea nick name should be arab
Frog
Frog is such a weird word.
Sleep is a form of currency.
Shudda dem time yah Spice drop robot wine
But it can also protect you
It's so easy to focus on all the negatives &amp; create a narrative in order for it to "make sense"
You can see the malicious intent leaking from their actions
If you have a strong personality, persons may attempt to box you into a category using some part of your personalit… https://t.co/ZUuYIVcSa7
It usually goes from viewing it as a preference of the person to viewing it as them trying to enforce it as what th… https://t.co/JpY26Wmpwc
Why are people forced to DEFEND their preferences?
Floor division in python has me perplexed. I get why 5//-2 = -3 but what would it be necessary for? I saw something… https://t.co/JMH9gWURsd
I'll see people on here reach a point where they can have an informative discussion about a topic but as soon as th… https://t.co/zTHDyzY0zA
You see the opportunities slipping by &amp; there's nothing you can do to grasp them.
Being knowledgeable but unprepared is torturous.
Preparation increases luck. You know enough to spot opportunity in what looks like garbage &amp; be able to act on it.
It wouldn't work for my twin.
My formula works for me.
They'll see the physical reactions. They'll see the strain. But the formula, they'll never truly get it.
The terror that surges through you when you miscalculate and gives you enough energy to figure it out in time. A near miss
Nobody see's your thoughts, all the split second calculations &amp; readjustments.
It looks effortless fr the outside. Trust me, it does.
If it doesn't work how it should. Go again and refine thone gut actions.
In the moment all that disappears. No time to think. Just trust your gut.
Looking on it from a distance &amp; all the little things to do just stand out. The steps to take.
The confidence forged by proving myself to myself numerous times. The way it surges through my veins and propels me forward.
The stress and the way my body responds. Preparing me to execute. The uncertainty that creeps into my mind that get… https://t.co/IhBb0eLz4G
All the tiny cogs that make the machines work. To perform at such a high level. It's beautiful.
A soprano on her head
Allowing yourself to do your thing
The inner game of tennis
Getting myself into the state where those characteristics come to life is the next challenge.
In an ideal world I'll embody all these characteristics 100% of the time.
The slight edge
Outcome goals are usually not directly within your control however executing your performance goals increases the l… https://t.co/wSWVgPVuex
Outcome goals speak of the big picture. What is the end game?
Performance goals being thIngs in your control such as how many hours of studying you'll do or how many pages you'll read.
I also learnt to break my goals into performance goals &amp; outcome goals.
I'm trying to figure out what it means to view success as the journey instead of the destination. That has me a bit puzzled.
One the other side of failure is success. I mean it's the opposite of failure. So when I fail, that's one step clos… https://t.co/FQYNEK5Yed
Determining which challenges were a test of my abilities and which were an opportunity to grow was another thing I learnt.
I saw a tweet from a beautiful soul that said to just choose a path &amp; you'll figure it out along the way.
I focus on what I want to represent. What values. The theme that I want to define that period of my life.
Instead of focusing on the individual puzzle pieces and trying to find a narrative to explain why I do the things I… https://t.co/qriME16W4S
I grow and change consistently and right now I may look back &amp; think that I did x because of y due to how I'm think… https://t.co/Ic0CfDPtFO
I learnt that trying to find the meaning for all your actions and personality traits can trap you in a cycle of epiphanies.
Having to dig deep into the rabbit hole &amp; realize when you're creating false narratives to fit or explain your experiences.
Changing my perspective took more effort than i expected.
Smart use of it has allowed me to make huge strides in my self development. Takes a lot of selfukry discipline &amp; wi… https://t.co/gfWn4YzAwa
Definitely need to find a place to consume the wisdom herb &amp; read these books I just ordered. I want a small chill… https://t.co/tPDfA2TUMB
Harry Potter is real &amp; J.K Rowling is actually Rita Skeeter according to a fan theory. That's convincing AF
Doing what I do best and thats being me. Turns out that I can't control all the variables all the time &amp; trying to do so limits me.
Go see #Sandz promoters a move NMIA like so https://t.co/2BwAIKvxCM
@QaiboGames hey guys, amazing game! Any idea when the new levels will get here?
People have this disgusting habit of breeding artificial dependence by actively preventing you from becoming capabl… https://t.co/QXz8OXD1Dk
Wild wild wild
When I come thruuuu all I see is wild thots
Yiy ball dem affi air out fi tutty mins b4 you can go draw bungy
@EkaliMusic https://t.co/Sety8K1Mg4
@EkaliMusic https://t.co/bawIZbn43M
Me alone feel inadequately prepared for life? To go from 100% sheltered to this.
You'll realize it soon enough
Funnily enough the answer will be everything
Likkle bwoy like me from country. What can I ever accomplish in this big Ole worl smh
Having a compromised site will soon be an expensive thing.
Will it cause an change in how website owners think of security?
With Necessity being the mother of invention &amp; Net Neutrality officially gone, I'm kinda excited to see what innova… https://t.co/NWUBIMzFEC
Wow. What do I do with myself now?
Bumboklawt OOP nice man. A just me a learn it the not nice way.
Have to be using some slides from a diff university to study for my exams. Shout out to you guys for making it publ… https://t.co/HwiEaqJL9h
Fuckin up the room I be rackin up incidentals
RT @thefinessekid_R: What did the Jamaican girl say to Abraham 
7 RT and I’ll reveal the answer 😭
After I was done with the exam I felt sooo good. So happy I switched courses
Statistics : Slayed
Not everything is black &amp; white. What makes sense &amp; is possible for you may be nonsense to someone else once you fa… https://t.co/djoLDqCYwu
Push forward. Slay Stats
Real nigga hours
City* Townsville*
In the cicy of townsville
But then I'd still be me.
Maybe I could change my environment
Maybe I don't have to be different
I've felt like who I am isn't good enough for so long. I'd spend my summers fantasizing about how different I'm going to be in the future
Is this a phase or will there be a point in time where things will be different?
Sentenced to life
I'm imprisoned in life
A victim of life
I feel like a victim
Could be good or bad idc, I just need to contribute in some way
All I wouldid over is some guidance. A path I can take
Feels like everyone around me is just tolerating my presence &amp; like I have nothing to offer.
Idk what to do or how to try
I feel so purposeless. I just feel like I'm now a burden since everyone else has a means of supporting themselves a… https://t.co/LdvkHTbNYF
This is what it feels like
Running I'm running I'm running up all a the numberss
The emptiness inside is unreal. Cant even get myself to study..
RT @trvxrbs: When the direct deposit hits 😂 https://t.co/ko2H7t72vo
RT @trvxrbs: Before ya'll ask here's the full song. 🔥 @elyahu805
https://t.co/x0ikXwIwXX
A weh did bloodklaawt dis..
Finishing and improving a project even after ithe has been handed in and graded. Wtf is happening to me 😲
I really hope i have 240 tweet char limit. This is a test to see what's up then I can resume coding this project th… https://t.co/Sy4ylclel0
Fish are creepy
Birds are like insects
Cyaan wait fi done this bloodklawt project yow
Just feel fI tump da ute yah inna him throat eno. Him clear him throat every 5 seconds. Cho bumboclaat
I'm working on friendships slowly. Barely embers but it's a huge improvement &amp; the way I pree tings changing.
11 months into 2017 and I've developed a deeper understanding of myself and programming. Coming out of my shell slightly &amp;
I suck sometimes. Damn..
Work time = work time.
Pomodoro G
It's all there to know and do. Anything you could possibly want. Maybe it can be used as a tool to increase. But wisely.
I wonder what words are derived from our language.
Ancient wisdom, sent down to the world. It's bearers revered as members of the Clo'ut.
Those that will give you almost a 6th sense.
Several experimental concepts they dripped in hidden dollops to the less than.
Concepts of self so deep. They studied night and day. Growing as quickly in body as in mind. A Puberty of the Mind.
Weh Katy Perry deh.
Imagine a love so different. The difference between two human perspectives is only a minute fraction of its whole.
The moments of giddying happiness i felt with my dad. The way those highs would be HIGH. It was beautiful.
We'd just enjoy the moment in each other's silence.
I remember a movie like that where when you hold a black pebble you become infected and me and mummy would sit and watch it 😂😂
Klawt. Is a strong word that eno. Beautiful if we can break the holds of the aliens on us.
Damn..
The concept of gender when pondered uninhibited by wisdom.
Like somewhere totally DIFFERENT because this way nahh work a bumboklawt
Imagine a place without gender.
You create this sense of longing that's as strong as your feelings for them. That's bursting through your gut.
Imagine wanting someone who you can't physically desire and it's the same for them.
Strength and guidance
By giving, you'll figure out what you're 'lacking'
By connections I mean friendships that will benefit both of you. Giving opens you up to receiving.
News flash. You can't.  Have to find a way to make some connections and get diff perspectives. Real life is totally… https://t.co/auEKPYiJ0f
How to get through college in Jamaica without friends.
Looks like a donkey punch. https://t.co/Meza07mYDx
Wonder if she ago try run charm pon me. I'd hate if you're that kinda person without good reason.
Need fi stop do dem people yah job
Bere self teaching like me love the stress when me hate it.
1 ting me learn from someone since semester start 😂😂
Need fi jump off a mi horse &amp; start walk foot. Feel like me nah learn
Need fi gi mi self a chance fi buss one a dem day yah.
Is like failure turn me on the way me always a set up mi self fi it.
Me a playeee catch up to her now or she prob just realizing her potential
Mi want my wife fi be on my level suh me haffi reach far when we meet
Mi want respect people have fi me fi be separate from respect them have fi mi work
Mi nuh waah people realize when me deh deh or missing, only when me gone
Suh mi waah tings stay
Super behind the scenes. So far behind the scenes it's like I'm an outsider
Cyaan wait fi find it.
*sighs bumboclaatly*
Rise of aesthetic rap
I don't want to take control but I have to. Can't rewind.
10:00 am
I want to learn from you but idk who you are
I hope I'm not mistaken about you
070 oh 070 070 07ohhhh
The man have a wicked vibe pon the riddim yo
Propa fade bad pon 1 guh riddim dohh
Vybz Kartel
2008- Granny look young like sumady fi talk to, like 18 yr old gal
2017- 2 old woman tell dem gaah yuh bed. Mhm hmm
@blueberyllium Lmao wah cudda give yuh this idea fren?
Can't wait to hear these LUV is rage 2 songs remixed properly!
Break up with a texttt
Leoonardo Dicapriooo
SELECT *FROM users WHERE charLim &gt; 140
Will you be able to sit with us?
@EkaliMusic Awakening 3 got me thru this week. Can't weight for you to drop something heavy!
RT @FactsOfSchool: ⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀retweet this in 10 seconds
and your crush will answer your text
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
Have to look on my actions before I make these kinds of judgements
Wanty wanty nuh getty getty &amp; vice versa
Jah know I suck
Now that I think about it.
Why do I think they should do these things for me? All I'm doing is taking while requiring selfless sacrifice. Makes no sense
Did I earn the right to have these expectations?
@ThaFemaleDrake @kianaarmstrong6 Real bumboklawt talk!
MAkers it happen.
Moving sideways
https://t.co/Yhli0ywOIM
People weh pupp nuff inna dem sleep &lt;&lt; all wen car a trackle gas still a bun
Is a serious business.
A guy did a 14 page requesto to unicode for the mango emoji lmaoo
Pon mi 🍌yuh nah 👀 nuh (2017 now and no bloodklawt mango emoji. Unicode ya'll playing in this bitch)
I'm so alive and real right now! Bumboklawt!
Make it happen. Believe dat!
Fuck you for trying to make me into your little fantasy play thing.
reverse to do list. do di ting then write it down
need a vision. get a vison from me fren dem seh ntn nuh wrong wid me. dem dream me and tell me fi get up off di grung star
weh will power ago
do all the tings and shake up me bloodklAWT LIFE
that feeling of baled up nervousness in my belly. i should do tings that gives me that
running headfirst into my challenges will prob provide all of that.
i want to feel competent or that i'm on my way to competence
i want  to be comfortable enuff to leggo my sexuality
friends who will show me a diff way of life
i want friends who will look out for me and deal wid me how me deAL wid dem
i want a sexy body im proud of at some point
i want a life where i understand myself emotionally, my motivations
wah kinda metric taking ago work fi me
what is that new thin i'm trying ot grab on to? idk where i want to go in life. not making a decision is making a decision as well.
prob it need fi die so sumn new can grow in it's place. maybe me a hold on to a past thing fi too long and nuhbody naah go tell me fi leggo
haffi find someway fi mek this worthwhile without losing myself
a due to how jamaica stay still. college and acheibements praised as the only way and that a the only way people can see.
but the way tings set right now, it all just fuck up and everyhing a get pushed for the wrong reasons
prob that's what all these institutions are for. do it for them till u reach far enough to where you can do it for a greater cause
feels like me a do everything for the sake of doing it.
i can hold oonto life for. cause jah know idk the point anymore
haffi escape. whether by death or other means. them a kill the spark inside me. the flame barely alive. just smoulders. idk how long
they just waan hear ur probs fi know seh u have probs
only waan give the illusion of caring. prob that all them know fi do
them people yah nuh seem fi have the ability fi care as much as mi think they would
reality is way different than wah me have inna me head
if that alone me get praises for then me nuh muss hype it up
me neva choose fi be di favorite and cause school performance was the metric she get fuck
just some fucking support and understanding. ig u cyaan support me point me in the direction weh me can get weh me need.
dedicate me whole fucking life to passing tests and performing and this is how them end up a treat me when me just need likkle support
the amount of expectations u ago heap unto somebody must match the amount of support your willing to give
then a talk bout nuh inna night driving and waan gimmie likkle fuckry excuse like me a ediat kmt
fwd pon the island and drive past me bloodklawt yawd and dven seh mek me hail me son
caan too broadcast mi moves to dem
i'm screaming silently for freedom. handcuffed by unspoken words. i need to craft my own means of escape.
they breed this dependence thats fucked up
just get the vybe from dem like seh me a do everything wrong and me haffi get their feedback b4 me attempt ntn
so me know vybz is a real bloodklawt ting eno
prob never able to do all the things i did and make all the mistakes i'm making. they say it's okay but their actions tell otherwise
more while it feel like they subconciously resent me for living and 'suandering' the life they wished they were able to
like the fuckry of life just beat that out a them head.
is almost like they weren't kids, teenagers, young 20 year olds at 1 point
will i be like that? i dont want to be
what the fuck made them that way?
and this woman who avoids conflict at ALL costs and just keep everything in
weh convinced that everything he thinks is the reality
they dont let you in their lives. idk how to open up to people. feel like everybody si the enemy and this fucking delusional man
i barely know these people
more while it dont even feel like me have parents
it's bound to do that but if there's a greater connection then it would prob not have such an effect.
idk if im at a level of maturity where i can get that knowledge and not allow it to influence how i see them in a bad way
idk if i even want to know but i want to know.
SEEMS LIKE TINGS DID WELL ROUGH IN THAT ERA. i wish i understood the struggles they were coming from but they never want to share it.
this is fucking life bruh, mistakes ago always be made. you can choose how you ago take them
is like it's wrong to make mistakes
or if they acknowledge it they make sure i feel bad that they messed up
they dont admit when they messed up so they fashion it into a way where some of the blame is on me
how does that even make sense
and they shame me for living the life they provided for me
if they lived my life theyd be like me
stuff they know intuitively because that was what they had to focus on. i didn't live their life so i cant be like them
actually 80k. is like idkd ntn bout budgeting and discipline and all a dat and these people just expect me to know it
how do you spend 60k on food. in less than a month? this is a record.
and it';; automatically get better and improve
prob i dont have to. maybe thats the trick. just allow it to happen the way i allow the stuff i'm good at to happen
all these fuking things that every one else seems to know intuitively and i'm here having to focus on them all the time. exhausting as fuck
the private stage and the front stage
getting high allowed my vibe to shine through but the other vibe overwhelms it now
feels like i have a vibe that's trapped behind another vibe
can i blame them?
dinosoars who an't admit or acknowledge other view points. so stuck being an authority figure you cant imagine not having all the answers
this generation seems to be more about good mental health and seeing therapists which is amazing. i need that vibe in my life
kinda seems like my parents generation are hung up on all things mental health related
Each generation seems to chip away at some inhibitions of the previous generation.
Then they'll start acting how they think they should around a person who is sad and that reinforces the whole fucking thing.
down persons will act. it feels like a tension is there and if you don't conform they'll be like ohh i thought you were down/sad or w.e
Got me thinking about how weird it feels when you let someone know you're feeling down then is like you have to act in a way that they think
Saw it in the show Mind Hunters
Label theory talks about self fulfilling prophecy
Jah know..
@EkaliMusic bumboklawt!  when this a drop g?
RT @ParalleIUni: https://t.co/IR6pPLz6Su
How does it feel to be alive..
Idk why I'm here tho..
Free! From the shackles of 2nd guessing &amp; fuckery
5 days to freedom..
Fuck me. Will it ever get better? Is this for eternity? Is this... hell?
I haven't had a convo in a very long while. An actual convo
Nobody else to turn to
Apart from family
Zero persons care that I exist
Just no longer..
No longer less than
No longer be a bother. No longer the laughing stock. No longer the person you turn to to feel better about yourself
No longer make people feel awkward around me
I can see how death seems comforting
Struggle gave it meaning but without that necessity. I feel like nothing.
Life is too empty &amp; meaningless. Idk how to give it meaning.
I need to be blessed with a friend...
I need to be blessed with an amazing friend.
I've only known toxic people my whole life. Wolves in baby skin.
Toxic persons come in all shapes &amp; sizes
Fuck people who need someone to be less than them to feel gr es t
Always thought 'hard' felt another way.
This is what hard feels like
Why is growing this hard?
Want it but too afraid to take it.
Cold. Alone. Feelings.
Where are the tears when you need them?
Seems as if I attract people who always want to be my glass ceiling.
@HistoryInPix This is gonna be in my castle
blacklist_ DANGERKIDS
Roomie food wake up the Cthulhu inna me belly starr
Idk how to delegate tasks
When you get used to someone attending to your every need asap
Hide it in my soxx, running from the ops
Took a bite out of crime damn near chipped my tooth
Sharky McStevenson
Just refixed an instrumental and made the cover art. I feel GOLD.
Creating shit frees the weight on my chest but it sucks when you can't fully express the concept in your head through the selected medium
Waah guh pay off more in the future? Hard fi tell but just mek a choice a d nuh stuck in limbo while the time pass
Haffi know where to direct your energy cause some things a just priority
Every decision is rational to someone
The more it feel like me a grow
The more me feel it and force miself fi pree the opposite of what ever judgy thoughts me have
The fuckry feelings important
The numbness of drugs nuh nice
Dem ago know seh the likkle tings mean a lot but nuh do too much fi di wrong person
Dem ago know seh more while even if it nuh seem suh. People appreciate the likkle tings weh u do more than u can imagine
Me ago mek sure them know dat. And all the negative traps you can fall in.
Questioning everything and doubting yourself normal. Not knowing is normal. All the fuckry u a feel normal
My kids gonna see these tweets and realize seh the fuckry feelings normal.
Feel like me a fuck up mi college experience and me ago look back and regret all a this and mi nuh even know wah me a do wrong to rass
Feel like you supposed to have certain knowledge or know certain things by a certain  age and me a lack them tings deh
Mi deven bizniz. As long as me can be a better person to the people around me
Nuh matter how nasty the person a be. Me try see if nuh truth in deh and try better me self
Is like my ability to be offended non existent cause me search fi encouragement inna every scrap a convo weh fling my way
Mek me know when me a fuck up cause if a improvement a the pree mi nuh ketch feelings
Just some encouragement and guidance
6-7 years of that at such a critical point in life
Then throughout mi whole highs cool career. Mi 1 fren only felt good being better than me
Like me nuh have ntn fi offer at all
Always a try end convos cuz mi fraid seh me a be weird and stupid
Always expect some cussing
Mi automatically expect every interaction fi go bad
I just treat everybody with indifference. I want to do otherwise but mi nuh know nuh other way. That a di only lens mi see tings thru
Prob from their pov, being able to think for myself would me I'd be able to figure out how to do the stuff they couldn't teach me
Everything sacrificed just fi come 1st inna class all di time
Nuh other part of life neva get emphasized. Social, moral, all dem fuckry deh
I was a know it all and loved getting knowledge because that a the only thing them did gi mi props fah
Is like they forgot how different your perspective is as a child
Is like adults treat kids as mini adults instead of preeing seh you nah see things on the level they are
Gleeful disappointment
Then wen u nuh reach the heights dem have in mind them disappointment just stain all the interactions you have with them
Worst when u were the fave so u can sense the dislike in the actions of ur siblings
And a subconsciously sabotage mi
Like them cyaan bare fi see me grow up
It feel like them just waan handle every likke ting fi mi all the time
Yu nuh haffi know everything. Say when u nuh know sumn
But numboklawt drop the perfect facade and be real
I guess at a certain stage in life you have to  choose where to focus your energies and make hard sacrifices
Is like them get content with not growing anymore and just like the idea of growing
Wish my peeps would sort out them emotional baggage and stop gwaan like everything just cool.
Bere invisible hands pull me up and mi nuh know how fi show appreciation
Just learn fi pree fi myself and do everything by mi self
Never learn the concept of asking for help or collaboration
Peeps dem mek u feel like you always haffi be on top
Changing classes in primary school fucked me up.
Can never enjoy myself outside of what I find comfortable because of the bad experiences I have attached to it
See things in a different way.  Mi have this world view fi too long
Just waan get some new perspective pon life
Suicide is never an option
Cyaah turn inna the type a person me wouldn't want deh round
Same fuckin attitude me pree seh me a pick up suh me haffi shub out and nuh look back
If them nuh better than somebody dem nuh feel good
Like a dem alone mus grow as person
When people know u as a certain type of person  and just want to keep you boxed in that bumboklawt
I deal with a lot of fukry just for the feeling of companionship
Like some subconscious check list has to be completed for me to have a good high
Weed makes me think too much and the vibe is based too much on how my day was.
Is like me ago explode more while. Waah bawl and release the pressure but ntn nah fwd
Is like me look like me a hol a chill medz and me brain a fling it bloodklawt shoulder.
So I can drop this cool calm front
More while mi just waan know seh weh mi a feel normal star. Just dat
Bumboklaawt
Now I'm that age yaah tell mi di same ting
When you were my age you told me the same thing
You nuh have ntn fi worry  out yet kmt
All these feelings. They are real to me and it's so easy for THEM to belittle them.
Mistrust shame guilt inferiority confusion and now it feels like I'll add isolation to the list and become just like him..
Feels like I was on the wrong side of Erik Erikson's stages of moral/social development.
Telling someone you're in a mood and they catch feelings &amp; think it's about them.
Moods are NORMAL! BUMBOKLAWT
Gold*
Don't believe me just watchhh
Fuuuuck that tho. Hold all on ma watchhh
Lotsa bad shit
Emptiness fills my vessel
The walls are closing in.
Restraint is one of the things that makes a society work.
No creepiness because everybody would be used to it.
A world where erections are not indecent. 💭
Bone fi bruck off inna dem.

          -He
I've been in more old white women than osteoporosis 😂😂😂
Real life. https://t.co/kXwKTNi0eO
No free meals. Secure the bag 💯💯
Treat persons as they are within the context of their actions.
That's messed up
A person isn't obligated to behave a certain way just because you treat them a certain way.
"Do shit for people" lol classic Ms./Mr. Nice girl/guy behaviour.
I'm scared that I'm not capable of doing the hard work :(
Lonely is his favorite place to be.
Every where I go it's a light show I'm surrounded
Wrist so icy wonder why she like mee
You vent to me, I listen and give you a safe space. I vent to u, a problem. Bumboklawt.
It's fucked up how you can do shit for people and they'll eventually take it for granted.
Compromise happen on both sides.
Spotify eases a pain I didn't realize I was feeling.
Bitch,  first of all, appreciate me for who I am and not what you see me as.
Remember to buy transparent colored plastic cover tomorrow!
I wish people would understand that there's a diff between how you make me feel IN THE MOMENT and how I actually am.
Crawling from a bottom most others didn't know existed.
What separates a good Barber from a not so good Barber?
Complex phenomena never have/has (a) simple answer(s)
No facts are being stated here, only unknowingly biased opinions.
All wrongs are right depending on which side you're on + the reality you're currently experiencing
Or is it due to us having a nuh mek life stress yuh attitude
Is doing the wrong thing easier?
In my 23's having a Jaaaaawdan moment
Pat mic get ✂#MJW2017
RT @ibee_petagaye: Him just sike we mek wi think him finish 😂😂😂 #MJW2017
RT @filmactually: Romaine Virgo slayed the karaoke segment of the competition. Bravo! #MJW2017
RT @Jodi_AnB: Dis come like a Romaine Virgo concert and #MJW2017 was just the opening act.
RT @notsbstnrd: Lmao you nuh see the dancer dem fawud inna practice clothes and Yendi a tell people fi shub. Dress rehearsal ofc https://t.…
RT @treshaunerr: Someone on Youtube said Yendi is more manly lol sigh
RT @Stormy_Simpson: Yendi facial expressions don't have no filter..... Perry don't know when and where. OK, I get it.
RT @jodijinx: @AliBJM @IM_extrAVAgant Drawn out show, Yendi is annoyed, the officer asking  for Patricia, nesbeth vying for the crown,
RT @DMarcAnthony: Patricia is for short skits on YouTube... Not on pageant stage #MJW2017
RT @BellaBranglin: Then #MJW2017 nah done?? https://t.co/LprdpGDiY6
Paula's voice 😍😍😍#MJW2017
RT @brittw992: Did they just big up the wardrobe coordinator.... horrible #mjw2017
RT @TrixAnn13: #MJW2017 I so do not agree. Why education always getting blamed? Parents must grow dem pickney good.
RT @gunnerbeeks: Paula should have co-hosted with Yendi
RT @Racqwithme_: A wah kinda question them yah!! #MJW2017
RT @allisonrowley1: I hope Yendi well paid tonight..she is saving #MJW2017
RT @Jren_DG: Yendi is saving #MJW2017 looool
RT @Jodi_AnB: I just don't understand why our productions must always be so mediocre #MJW2017
RT @GYALASHNIKOV: 🗣 PLAY KARTEL! #MJW2017
RT @Jodi_AnB: All Wolmer's dance troupe better than this #MJW2017
Feels so good to say the right things to get that smile across your face. It kills me inside when I have to go. But it kills me to stay...
I need you but I can't want you.
Allow persons to be peers in the context of their actions. Other wise out group.
Heaven and hell syndrome: the feeling that the consequences of every action will be his experience for eternity.
Heaven and he'll syndrome: the amazing feeling of happiness that explodes from your belly and the slow crushing torture of unmet expectation
It is the vomiting on an empty stomach inducing aftertaste left over after swallowing the consequences of my inaction
Maybe a product of the heaven &amp; hell
The thought that every action I make will be the last one I ever get to for the rest of eternity
It feels like  being stifled by the infinite
Poor Dianne :( Mr. Peanutbutter is being a dog. https://t.co/dXVzVWHVKV
let you know, ima let you knoww, diamonds stay so frozee
Keesha Sharp!
Miguel has a cool guy voice. When he goes low and smooth with an edge to it.
Rihanna looks like she smells so good in wild thoughts vid
Then Tracee Ellis Ross
I've had a crush on Gina Torres since forever.
Yo Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?
I wonder what the mosquito equivalent for mosquitoes are.
Pick on some one your own size
Farco rapid kill is like cologne for the bitch ass bugs.
Force you to see perspectives you wouldn't have known about otherwise
Friend(s) you can reason with about things you find appealing and important.
As mi reach in a bumboklawt mosquito dat.
Seasoned with a pinch of teasing per cupful of vibing.
Dropping slick pop culture reference bombs to sparks that chemistry.
Having the ability to express your thoughts and feelings in a way appropriate to your culture. With finesse &amp; style.
Another day another dollar.
I need to feel alive.
Right or wrong idc at this point.
I'm am choosing to make a choice.
Woke before classes ended. My day will be filled with learning experiences.
Nike
Damn.
I'm "choosing" to let my life "slip" away. I fear the consequences so i avoid the actions.
Am I overthinking this?
Is it as simple as just doing?
I put words to all the things I can blame my problems on so effortlessly.
The experience lifestyle
Listening music i can't relate to sparks my fomo. Fear that Idk how to quell.
More for you to experience, feel, immerse your soul in. I will be OK.
This happened in real life yo. There is more to this life than you've become accustomed to. https://t.co/yxiu7tR5ZL
Siri aint got a thing on you babe
Thanks autocorrect for not hurting my feelings. Shifty isn't as harsh as what  I had in mind &lt;3
Do I just have shifty tastes in everything?
How far from reality am I?
I question my self perception by the second.
Bumboklaawt mosquito dem iyah.
Corny philosophical talk is therapeutic.
Small pool of emotional lenses through which you can shine your reaction on life.
No tear syndrome. Found mostly in the males of the population. Results in reduced arsenal of emotions to display
I just need direction.
The  id at least have direction. I'd now know what not to do instead of struggling to find the path to take.
That I'm delusional. That I'm doing all this wrong.
More emotion than my words can comprehend. I wish or hope that I'm misinterpreting everything
Then what? The question that haunts my temples and echoes in the deepest recesses of my mind. The deafening silence of my mom's demands.
This feeling of not participating in my adolescence hurts. I always feel as if I'm missing out. Unable to concentrate on now due to then
What binds us all together? What makes something as unique as experience, familiar?
My wall.. My loneliness.. My oddity.. all unique to me but experienced by others.
I have evidence that my experiences are shared but it still can't penetrate my wall built from loneliness and oddity
I always wonder how normal I am.
I distill the experience down to a single phrase that guides my actions for a few days and if I like it, the  the high was worth it
Sometimes I feel so alive when high. All the stuff I need to do to live life how I want is unveiled and within grasp if only I just..
