NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely… 
Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! 
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly ev… 
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side atta… 
@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost t… 
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
#NYCStrong #USA🇺🇸 
"Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program," a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
